•	The folder Collins_Final Design Product contains all of the files and folders for the project

•	In this folder, there are build, nitro-NITRO-2.7, VT_NITFReader_library folders and a 
dbCreate.sql file. 

•	The dbCreate.sql file is used to create the tables for the different analysts in the database

•	The build folder has the following files:
		client.sh: downloads the client for postgresql, downloads ssh server, installs postgresql, 
		and edits postgresql conf  to enable connections from outside.
		
		server_encryption.sh: enables SSL encryption by first generating keypair, removing passphrase, 
		removing privkey.pem, generating self signed certificate, and modifying postgresql.conf
		
		server_firewall.sh: blocks all incoming and outgoing ports except ssh and postgresql.
		
		server_postgresql.sh: edits postgresql conf to allow outside connections, creates groups 
		and roles of analysts, assigns roles to the respective groups, and grants privileges to groups
		
		server_selinux.sh: changes selinux.conf to enforcing
		
		server_ssh.sh: enables ssh to start automatically at boot time, adds users and give them password, 
		allows password authentication, and gives fieldservice root privileges
		
•	In the VT_NITFReader_library folder there are the following:
		install folder: a result of using nitro
		
		CMakeFiles folder: a result of using cmake for the project
		
		Both install and CMakeFiles folders are as a result of running vagrant.op
		
		CMakeCache.txt file: generated by CMake. File can be edited to change values found 
		and used by cmake
		
		CMakeLists.txt and install_manifest.txt files 
		
		nitf_file_data_extraction.py: the python file for extracting data: 
			i.	A function that reads the file and returns a list of all features from the file. 
			ii.	A function that extracts values of all the features from the feature list
			iii. A loop to find the classification type of the file to automatically populate 
			the correct table
		
		NITFFile.cpp
		
		NITFFile.h
		
		runNITFReader.sh
		
		VT_NITFReader.cpp
		
•  psql -h "ip address of the server" -d postgres -U "username" -W  
(this is the command to login to the postgresql database). 
Example: psql -h 172.28.128.15 -d postgres -U fieldservice -W 		


These files have passwords that will need to be changed:
•	Server_postgresql.sh (within the build folder) – line 33 under the line that states 
“create user roles”: purpose of these passwords is to define login details for the various 
systems and analysts.

•	Server_encryption.sh (within the build folder) - lines 11 and 16 for 
“change pass:hello”: purpose of these passwords is to create certificates.

•	Server_ssh.sh (within the build folder) – line 13: purpose of this password 
is for SSH access.


